docs(github): document cross-origin pagination link rebasing (#905)
mend/renovate-ce-ee: docs/setup-for-github.md

**`MEND_RNV_GITHUB_PEM_FILE_PATH`**: The file path for a GitHub app key PEM file. Defaults to `/usr/src/app/renovate.private-key.pem`. Alternatively, use `MEND_RNV_GITHUB_APP_KEY`.

> **`MEND_RNV_GITHUB_REBASE_PAGINATION_LINKS`**: Set to `true` for GitHub Enterprise Server installations that return pagination links with a different hostname from `MEND_RNV_ENDPOINT`. This enables `RENOVATE_X_REBASE_PAGINATION_LINKS` for the server and for each Renovate job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`MEND_RNV_GITHUB_REBASE_PAGINATION_LINKS`**: Set to `true` for GitHub Enterprise Server installations that return pagination links with a different hostname from `MEND_RNV_ENDPOINT`. This also automatically enables `RENOVATE_X_REBASE_PAGINATION_LINKS` in the worker for the same behavior in each Renovate job.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**`MEND_RNV_GITHUB_REBASE_PAGINATION_LINKS`**: Set to `true` for GitHub Enterprise Server installations that return pagination links with a different hostname from `MEND_RNV_ENDPOINT`. This will also set [`RENOVATE_X_REBASE_PAGINATION_LINKS=true`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosted-experimental/#renovate_x_rebase_pagination_links) on the workers, which ensures the same behaviour for Renovate.
```

Author: i like this wording. duplicate ref to the docs below.

When enabled, the server and Renovate jobs rebase the URL in GitHub `Link` headers with `rel="next"` to the hostname configured in `MEND_RNV_ENDPOINT`.

> For details, see [Renovate's `RENOVATE_X_REBASE_PAGINATION_LINKS` documentation](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosted-experimental/#renovate_x_rebase_pagination_links).

Author: ```suggestion
```

depends if we apply https://github.com/mend/renovate-ce-ee/pull/905/changes#r3805243888
